   If you are working on getting an area in line for playing you need to accom-
plish certain things.  Look at the mobs.  If a mob is a human, make it human.
If the mob is sentient.  Look at the area, look at your OLC options, make it
all fit. If it's a skeleton, make it undead. If all the rooms are flagged DARK
and aren't magically dark, change them. If you are unsure of an option ask for
someones opinoin. Does the road to mystwatch that's OUTSIDE need to be flagged
DARK? (no btw). Zero all bonuses on mobs. Make sure the sector type is apropos.
Think as the creator of the concept, make the new building features work for
the area. When you finish an area we'll make it (done).  OLC Notes. Saving 
internally will save your changes to RAM, to write your changes to disk you
need to type OLC to check what's in buffer, and redit,zedit, medit, save zone#

The origional vision of FieryMUD was to create a challanging MUD for
advanced players. This new reborne Fiery is a hope to bring back the goals
of the past by inflicting certain death on unsuspecting players...  FieryMUD
will continue to grow and change through the coming years and those players
who seek challange and possess imagination will come in search of what
the 3D world fails to offer them.... (see the command CREDITS)

The areas and regions of FieryMUD will have a consistency of geography and a
maturity of juxtaposed crisis which integrates to form overall themes.  This
is not to say that some crisis can not exist within a region and be
completely oblivious to a global concept but this will be rare.  In fact
existing fiery areas that have a stand alone nature will more than likely
have some device added to them to lend, in most cases subtly, to a regional
or global theme.

Some gound rules:

This is not a smurf mud - If you are hot for smurfs delete yourself now.

No blatant copying of existing ideas, concepts, stories, pantheons, etc.. -
Don't get me wrong, the use of existing archetypes can and will be crucial
in the development of areas.  Civilization has only been around for a
kabillion years so most every possible crisis has already occured in some
archetypal fashion already.  If anyone notices this happening, the blatant
copying, let me know.  We should be able to dilute a story in such a way to
lend a soft subtlty to it and not slap anyone in the face with where it came
from to badly...

If you see something with sanctuary remove it, if you can not report it.

There is also another issue, one that has always implicitly existed on Fiery
but never really contested or asked about.  The proof of its existance is that
no areas that have made it to production have ever been removed from the mud
when a builder throws a tantrum and decides to leave. Due to that finally
happening after seven years I guess the following needs explicit stating.

	Once submitted, to FieryMUD or FieryWEB, any concept, 
	idea and the culmination thereof, refered to as work
	or material, becomes property of FieryMUD and will be
	used at sole discretion of the owner of FieryMUD in
	any way shape or form the owner finds appropriate.
	Submission of material or work requires reading of
	appropriate statements and instructions, of which
	this is, in advance of any submission.  Therefore
	submission of ideas or concepts is validation of 
	acceptance of this former implicit policy now 
	explicit.
